Multiphysic DEM test cases (#1548)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/dem-mp/thermal-lines/thermal-lines.rst

==================================
Thermal Lines
==================================

> This example introduces the use of multiphysic DEM, with lined up particles that are heated by other particles or by a wall. It verifies the models of particle-particle and particle-wall heat transfer with two test cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example introduces the use of multiphysic DEM using a simple example that consists of a of particles that are heated by other particles or by a wall. It verifies the models of particle-particle and particle-wall heat transfer using two simple test cases.
```

      set log frequency     = 10000
      set output frequency  = 10000
      set output path       = ./output_wall_heating/
      set output boundaries = true
    end

-----------------------
Running the Simulation
-----------------------

The simulations can be launched with 

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

   lethe-particles equilibrium.prm

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

   lethe-particles wall-heating.prm

.. note::

  Parallel calculations are not necessary here as there are only :math:`10` particles.

---------------
Post-processing
---------------

A Python post-processing code is provided for each case: ``equilibrium-postprocessing.py`` and ``wall-heating-postprocessing.py``. 

The first post-processing script is used to check that the two mean temperatures (of particles with :math:`x<0` and :math:`x>0`) do get close to the global mean temperature at the end of the equilibrium simulation. 

The second script is used to confirm that the temperature of the particles matches the analytical solution :math:`T(x) = Ax+B`, where :math:`A` and :math:`B` are found using the temperature and position that are set for the left and right walls.

> It is possible to run the post-processing codes with the following lines. The argument is the folder which contains the ``.prm`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run the post-processing codes with the following commands. The argument is the folder which contains the ``.prm`` file.
```

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

    python3 equilibrium-postprocessing.py  --folder ./

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

    python3 wall-heating-postprocessing.py  --folder ./

.. important::

    You need to ensure that ``lethe_pyvista_tools`` is working on your machine. Click `here <../../../tools/postprocessing/postprocessing_pyvista.html>`_ for details.

-------
Results
-------

Results for the Equilibrium Simulation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The simulation can be visualised using Paraview as seen below.

> .. figure:: images/equilibrium.png

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a similar figure in the section "Description of the case" to  help people visualize it?

    :width: 600
    :align: center

    Temperatures at the end of the simulation

The following figure shows that the two mean temperatures do converge towards :math:`0°C`, as expected.

.. figure:: images/mean-temperatures.png
    :width: 500
    :align: center

> It was noticed while choosing the parameters for the simulation that the more the walls push the particles toward the center, the faster the mean temperatures reach :math:`0°C`. This highlights the importance of the overlap in the particle-particle and particle-wall heat transfer models.

Reviewer: I think they remain linear in that case, it's just that hey are compressed together more.
I would maybe consider using the word compressed instead or push towards the center :)
